BD-3538: Updates to rate limiting article (#8208)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/campaigns/building_campaigns/rate-limiting.md

Note that rate-limited messages may not be sent evenly over the course of each minute. Using the example of a 10,000-per-minute rate limit, this means Braze makes sure no more than 10,000 messages are sent per minute. This could mean a higher percentage of the 10,000 messages are sent within the first half minute versus the last half minute. 

{% alert important %}
Be wary of delaying time-sensitive messages with this form of rate limiting. If the segment contains 30 million users but we set the rate limit to 10,000 per minute, a large portion of your user base won’t receive the message until the following day.
{% endalert %}

#### Single-channel campaigns

When sending a single-channel campaign with a speed rate limit, the rate limit is applied for all messages together.

#### Multichannel campaigns

When sending a multi-channel campaign with a speed rate limit, each channel is sent independently of the others. As a result, the following may occur:

- The total number of messages sent per minute could be more than the rate limit. 

>     - For example, if your campaign has a rate limit of 10,000 per min and utilizes email and in-app banners, Braze can send a max of 20,000 total messages each minute (10,000 email and 10,000 push).

Reviewer: mismatch of channel text here, and making units consistent with other parts of the page

```suggestion
    - For example, if your campaign has a rate limit of 10,000 per minute and utilizes email and push, Braze can send a max of 20,000 total messages each minute (10,000 email and 10,000 push).
```

- Users could receive the different channels at different times, and it is not predictable which channel they will get first. 

>     - For example, if you send a campaign that contains an email and a push notification, you may have 10,000 users with valid push tokens but 50,000 users with valid email addresses. If you set the campaign to send 100 messages per minute (a slow rate limit for the campaign size), a user could receive the push notification in the first batch of sends and the email in the last batch of sends, almost nine hours later.

Reviewer: I like `and` better than `but` here, but will defer you

```suggestion
    - For example, if you send a campaign that contains an email and a push notification, you may have 10,000 users with valid push tokens and 50,000 users with valid email addresses. If you set the campaign to send 100 messages per minute (a slow rate limit for the campaign size), a user could receive the push notification in the first batch of sends and the email in the last batch of sends, almost nine hours later.
```

{% alert note %}
Push campaigns delivering on multiple push platforms (such as iOS or Android) apply the same rate limiting process. For example, let's say we have a push campaign using Android and iOS with a 10,000 rate limit. Braze will send up to 20,000 total push notifications each minute (10,000 for Android and 10,000 for iOS).
{% endalert %}

#### Canvas delivery speed rate limiting {#canvas-delivery-speed}

> When sending a Canvas with a speed rate limit, the rate limit is shared between channels. This means the total number of messages sent per minute from the Canvas will not exceed the rate limit. For example, if your Canvas has a rate limit of 10,000 per min and utilizes email and in-app messages, Braze will send a total of 10,000 messages per minute across email and in-app messages.

Reviewer: This is on us but we had some unincorporated feedback from @bernie that I think we didn't want to use in-app-messages here because of how in-app-message rate limiting works differently

```suggestion
When sending a Canvas with a speed rate limit, the rate limit is shared between channels. This means the total number of messages sent per minute from the Canvas will not exceed the rate limit. For example, if your Canvas has a rate limit of 10,000 per minute and utilizes email and push, Braze will send a total of 10,000 messages per minute across email and push.
```

{% alert important %}
Be wary of delaying time-sensitive messages with this form of rate limiting. If the segment contains 30 million users but we set the rate limit to 10,000 per minute, a large portion of your user base won’t receive the message until the following day.
{% endalert %}

#### Single-channel campaigns

When sending a single-channel campaign with a speed rate limit, the rate limit is applied for all messages together.

#### Multichannel campaigns

When sending a multi-channel campaign with a speed rate limit, each channel is sent independently of the others. As a result, the following may occur:

- The total number of messages sent per minute could be more than the rate limit. 
    - For example, if your campaign has a rate limit of 10,000 per minute and uses email and SMS, Braze can send a max of 20,000 total messages each minute (10,000 email and 10,000 SMS).
- Users could receive the different channels at different times, and it is not predictable which channel they will get first. 

>     - For example, if you send a campaign that contains an email and a push notification, you may have 10,000 users with valid push tokens and 50,000 users with valid email addresses. If you set the campaign to send 100 messages per minute (a slow rate limit for the campaign size), a user could receive the push notification in the first batch of sends and the email in the last batch of sends, almost nine hours later.

Reviewer: Do we also want to change this to SMS?

```suggestion
    - For example, if you send a campaign that contains an email and an SMS, you may have 10,000 users with valid phone numbers and 50,000 users with valid email addresses. If you set the campaign to send 100 messages per minute (a slow rate limit for the campaign size), a user could receive the SMS in the first batch of sends and the email in the last batch of sends, almost nine hours later.
```

For push campaigns delivering on multiple platforms, the rate limit selected will be equally distributed across platforms. A push campaign leveraging Android and iOS with a 10,000 rate-limit per minute will equally distribute the 10,000 messages across the two platforms.

> 

Reviewer: I think lines 105 to 112 (on the old version) are now outdated and should be removed? They've been replaced by lines 97 thru 109 on the new version.
